✏ Update Hypercorn link, now pointing to GitHub (#5346)
fastapi/fastapi: docs/en/docs/index.md

</div>

> You will also need an ASGI server, for production such as <a href="https://www.uvicorn.org" class="external-link" target="_blank">Uvicorn</a> or <a href="https://github.com/pgjones/hypercorn" class="external-link" target="_blank">Hypercorn</a>.

Reviewer: I think it should be https://hypercorn.readthedocs.io/

> You will also need an ASGI server, for production such as <a href="https://www.uvicorn.org" class="external-link" target="_blank">Uvicorn</a> or <a href="https://github.com/pgjones/hypercorn" class="external-link" target="_blank">Hypercorn</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will also need an ASGI server, for production such as <a href="https://www.uvicorn.org" class="external-link" target="_blank">Uvicorn</a> or <a href="https://hypercorn.readthedocs.io/" class="external-link" target="_blank">Hypercorn</a>.
```
